README.md, before:

# SkinFighters
Enables skins for Vault Fighters in Vault Hunters 3rd edition.<br>
By default, skins used for fighters are skins from the VHSMP members.<br>
Add skin with the `/skinfighters add <name>` command.<br>
If you supply invalid username fighter will look like Steve or Alex.<br>
To remove skin use `/skinfighters remove <name>` or `/skinfighters removeAll` to remove all skins.<br>
To change chance of fighter with skin spawning use the `/skinfighters chance <number>` command.<br>
You can see all possible skins and chance of fighter with skin spawning with the `/skinfighters list` command.<br>


Install this mod on server and client for the best experience.<br>
If you have it on installed on server only, skins will still change, but nametags won't be visible.<br>
If you have it on client only, skins won't change, but named fighters will have nametags visible (when naming them manually with nametags or commands).

Build the mod yourself by using `./gradlew build` or grab .jar from releases.

Commit message:

v2.2 - added support for skins from url, removed leading whitespace when fighter had 0 stars

README.md, after:

# SkinFighters
Enables skins for Vault Fighters in Vault Hunters 3rd edition.<br>
By default, skins used for fighters are skins from the VHSMP members.<br>
Fighters will have stars next to their name that show their tier (can be disabled in config)<br>

Commands:<br>
`/skinfighters info` - show possible skins fighter can spawn with, chance for fighter to spawn with skin and current name source<br>
`/skinfighters add <name>` - add skin to the possible skin list<br>
if you supply invalid username fighter will look like Steve or Alex<br>
`/skinfighters remove <name>` - remove skin from the possible skin list<br>
`/skinfighters removeAll` - remove all skins from the possible skin list<br>
`/skinfighters chance <number>` - change the chance of fighter with skin spawning.<br>
`/skinfighters source <source>` - set source of skin names, allowed values are CONFIG, URL, CONFIG_AND_URL<br>
`/skinfighters skinsFromURL setURL <url>` - specify URL to file with skin names (this file must contain names separated by newline - [example file](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/radimous/80afb71c68b83268abffe1d4bfbf7e28/raw/0e5df818f5195f14de0e5f90f8329b98d9f0bf7a/gistfile1.txt))<br>
you must put this link into double quotes (example: `/skinfighters skinsFromURL setURL "https://www.mywhitelist.tld/skinnames"`)<br>
`/skinfighters skinsFromURL getURL` - see current URL <br>
`/skinfighters skinsFromURL reload` - gets new data from URL and updates the skins<br>
`/skinfighters skinsFromURL removeAll` - removes all possible skins that it got from URL<br>

If you want to have your twitch subs as skins, you can use: https://whitelist.gorymoon.se/ and get the minecraft newline format url (link ends with /minecraft_nl)<br>

Install this mod on server and client for the best experience.<br>
If you have it on installed on server only, skins will still change, but nametags won't be visible.<br>
If you have it on client only, skins won't change, but named fighters will have nametags visible (when naming them manually with nametags or commands).

Getting the mod from curseforge is recommended: [curseforge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/skin-fighters) <br>
You can also build the mod yourself by using `./gradlew build` or grab .jar from releases.
